What's new at school?
Nothing.
Nothing?
Oh, uh, one of the lunch ladies died.
They found her in the gym with like two holes in her neck and all the blood drained out
of her.
Good lord, who does something like that?
Obviously a vampire.
W-where's the pepper?
Wait, what?
Vampires are real?
Yes, Summer.
Vampires are real.
Who knew?
Oh right, all humanity for hundreds of years now.
Yes, Summer.
It's a big universe.
Get used to it.
Right, Rick?
Oh, what are we going to do?
We're going to live our lives until we die, possibly by vampire.
More likely auto-accident or heart disease, but possibly vampire.
Grandpa Rick, couldn't you like, use your super knowledge to turn yourself into a teenager
and come to our school and help us hunt the vampire down?
Um, wow.
Yeah, pretty specific pitch, Summer.
I probably could turn myself into a teenager and hang out in the zit-covered, hormone-addled,
low-stakes ass world that is high school.
But here's my reverse ask.
Why in the f***?
Did I ever do that ever?
And how dare you even ask me that?
And why aren't you more ashamed of yourself?
Dad?
You're ashamed of yourself, sweetie.
Jerry, do you know what you just said to our daughter?
Sorry, I wasn't paying attention.
To a conversation about vampires?
Clearly, I didn't know it was about vampires because I wasn't paying attention, which you
would know if you ever paid attention to me.
Oh, here we go.
Right to the victim rule.
Am I a victim, Beth?
Or am I married to a mean and fair monster that always hurts me?
Jesus Christ!
Will you fix your marriage or get a divorce already?
Well, we tried a couple's therapist.
That's earth therapy.
You might as well ask a horse to fix a merry-go-round.
I mean, he'll try his best, but mostly he's just gonna get horrified.
I know about a place off-planet with a hundred percent success rate.
Well, we want to make it work if we can.
It's just...
Then it's settled.
No need to pack.
Let's go, go, go, go!
Do you think mom and dad are, you know, gonna get a divorce?
I think it's okay to dream, Morty.
I'm gonna go make some wooden stakes.
I booked you for a two-day intensive at Nupgia 4, the galaxy's most successful couples counseling institute.
They could save the marriage of a dog and a bar of dark chocolate.
They could save the marriage of a porn star and a porn star.
Well, I know.
I'm ready to try whatever it takes.
Which clearly implies that I'm not.
It's not a competition, Beth.
Oh, is that how you're gonna try to win by implying I'm competitive?
If the shoe fits.
If the shoe fits up your ass.
You wish.
Okay, have fun.
See you Thursday.
Oh!
Jerk.
Don't insult my father.
He's the reason our kids are only half stupid.
Ha!
You just called yourself...
Oh.
Beth and Jerry Smith?
Yes.
I'm Glaxo Slimslam.
Welcome to Nupgia 4.
Your marriage can rest easy now.
Jerry, go ahead and sit there and put this on.
This machine isolates the part of the subject's brain containing all perceptions of its romantic partner.
And we will now render Jerry's perception of Beth with artificial biological life.
Interesting.
What the hell is that?
Take that back!
You do not think that about me!
I didn't do anything.
They scanned it out of my brain.
Can I take it back?
There's nothing to regret.
We're dealing with unconscious, unhealthy thoughts.
Beth?
Now we scan for best perceptions of Jerry.
Scan hard.
He's dead to me.
Everything's dead to you.
What?
Oh, yeah!
Read and wait, bitch.
Does everybody see what I mean?
I think we all see what you both mean.
Any leads on the vampire?
No, Summer.
I mean, you know, I think it might be time that we just let it go.
So now you're too cool for this just because Grandpa Rick is?
It's not that.
It's just that the universe is a little too big to care about something so small.
What up, my health-sings?
Who wants to hunt a vampire?
Rick?
How did you...?
Yeah, I got bored and then I remembered this morning how I blew Summer off and I thought,
hey, why are you such a grumpy douche, Rick?
Go to the garage, transfer your mind into a younger clone of yourself,
and get embroiled in some youthful hijinks.
What's the BFD?
So here I am.
I'm Tiny Rick.
Oh, okay.
Well, it's good you're here, Rick.
I was pretty sure we didn't have what it takes to deal with a bloodsucker on our own.
Don't short-sell yourself, Summer.
You got everything it takes,
but it'll still be fun to do this as a f***ing team of f***ing Tiny Rick.
Yeah!
Oh my God, Toby Matthews!
Hey, Toby, I'm Tiny Rick. I'm new.
Hey, oh, go easy on me.
Haha, just kidding.
I like your straightforward style.
And that lab coat's pretty cool.
Summer?
He knows my name!
Why wouldn't he?
You're great.
But listen, just be careful.
We can't rule anybody out as a vampire.
Not even the dreamboats.
Stop, Tiny Rick.
Hunting a vampire with my grandkids!
F***, Tiny Rick!
The next step is to watch your mythologs interact together.
And, uh, big surprise, it's never pretty.
Here we have Gar and Zarbidar Gloomsh.
Or should I say, here we have the way Gar and Zarbidar perceive each other.
As we can all see, this is hardly the real Gar and Zarbidar,
which is good because the relationship in their heads is not only ugly,
it's unsustainable.
You may already be learning something important.
All of these relationships are different.
None of them are real, and none of them work.
We are not the monsters we sometimes see each other as,
because we are real, and we are functional.
That's what makes us better than them.
We can find solutions.
We can adapt.
We can communicate.
And most importantly,
we can work together.
Well, it was a tough adventure, but it paid off.
Our school is vampire free.
Man, who would have suspected Coach Ferrat to?
You did great, guys. Couldn't have done it without you.
You know, we should be proud of ourselves.
We killed a vampire and a gym teacher.
Talk about two for one, right?
So, how exactly is your old body living in there, Grandpa Rick?
Oh, you know, hyperbaric, quantum fluid, that kind of thing.
It preserves living tissue.
Not that there is much to preserve. Look at that mummy.
Ha! Ha-ha!
And I guess it's time for me to get back inside the old timer.
Oh, my God.
Toby Matthews is asking if my parents are still out of town
if we can have a party!
All right, we need to go summer. What did I tell you?
Oh, he's asking if Tiny Rick will be here.
Well, you know what, Summer? Tell him Tiny Rick will be here
and tell him to bring some brews.
For real?
Ye-ye-ye-ye would stay as Tiny Rick just so we can have a party?
Hell yeah.
What's one more night?
And who can have fun with this old bastard hanging around, huh?
We'll be lucky to do.
Oh, Tiny Rick!
Moving on.
Now, we have Beth and Jerry Smith from the planet E.R.T.
My heart is pounding.
This is going to be great.
The E.R.T. relationships are simpler.
It's a primitive planet, so their dysfunctions are...
Oh, wait, what? What's going on?
Where are the Smith Mythologs?
Oh, my God.
Secure the sound!
Hey, you know what's fun? Our gift shop.
Why don't we proceed in an orderly...
Oh, dear God, no.
They're codependent! Run!
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You really know how to sport that color blue.
Really?
You're looking real good.
Oh, my God.
Hey, Morty.
Oh, hey, hey, Jessica.
So, is Tiny Rick your brother or cousin or...?
No, my grandpa just transferred his consciousness into a clone of himself so he could be in our high school.
Cool.
Hey, Tiny Rick's playing guitar.
That didn't actually help me.
Help me.
Help me. I'm gonna die.
Tiny Rick!
Hey, everybody.
This guy's amazing.
It's my love, Tiny Rick!
What the f***?
Yeah, I know. What kind of operation are you running?
Us? What the hell kind of relationship do you have?
Oh, right. Blame this on us.
Okay, uh, I can and I am.
Your demonized mythologizations of each other are cooperating.
Isn't that good?
No, no!
It's bad!
You have the single worst marriage I've ever witnessed. It shouldn't exist.
You should never, ever, ever have gotten together and I do not understand how or why you would ever stay together.
Well, this is just bad couples therapy.
Totally.
Wait for us!
There's only room for one more.
I'm a therapist. I'll talk to them.
They're not therapists. Go! Go! Go!
There's gotta be a way to contact my dad. Let's find a control room or something.
Beth, you'll want to see this.
What is it?
It's a small hinged panel with a tiny amount of space behind it.
If you can find one too, we should be safe for hours, maybe days!
You stay put. Jerry, I'll send help if I make it.
You don't want to find your own little hatch?
Jerry, I believe that if you hide by yourself, you might survive.
And I believe I, by myself, have a shot of getting out of here.
But the two of us together, I don't know.
Maybe the shrink was right. Good luck.
Alright, now you listen to me.
Oh, don't!
Hey, don't please!
Oh, God, oh, God, oh, God!
Now, I know I've said in the past that math is important.
And it is!
But I also think that one day you'll all look back on being in high school with Tiny Rick and Morty,
who I hear had a great party last night.
So, class dismissed!
You've got the day off!
Alright, good work, Fisher Golden Bowl!
Yeah, get outside!
Read a book, put on some sunscreen down here!
Hey, what's up, Summer?
Ooh, nice top.
Thanks.
Tiny Rick, you think you might be getting back into your old body tonight?
No can do. Tonight's the big dance.
And Morty's bringing Jessica. He needs his Tiny Wing Man.
Oh, Tiny Rick!
Okay, but if not tonight, when?
I don't know, when I feel like it.
Damn, girl, you need to chill out.
This whole thing was your idea in the first place,
and now you're trying to rush it along.
Yeah, you know what? I like high school. I like hanging out.
Tiny Rick!
But what if the you that likes it isn't you?
Oh, Summer.
It's just Rick in a younger body.
What's the problem?
Look at his art, Morty.
I've got an emo streak. It's part of what makes me so rad.
Why does it say help me, Morty, and Summer?
Come on, Summer, that's the title of the art.
Why was Knight Rider called Knight Rider?
The car's name was Kit. Nobody rode Michael Knight.
You're overthinking it, Summer. I'm Tiny Rick!
Grandpa, I think that when you put your mind into this body's young brain,
it did what young brains do.
It shoved the bad thoughts into the back and put a wall around them.
But those bad thoughts are the real Rick.
The fact that you're old, the fact that we're all going to die one day,
the fact that the universe is so big, nothing, and it matters,
those facts are who you are.
So you're trapped in there, and you can only come out in the form of Tiny Rick's teen angst.
Well, Summer, I hear Toby Matthews isn't into psycho chicks.
Can't think of anyone that is.
I'll see you motherf*****s at the dance, Tiny Rick!
Morty, you have to help me.
Summer, he's happy. I'm happy.
Is that why you're doing this? You don't want me and Rick to be happy?
No.
Well, then get your s**t together. Get it all together and put it in a backpack.
All your s**t. So it's together.
And if you got to take it somewhere, take it somewhere, you know?
Take it to the s**t store and sell it, or put it in a s**t museum.
I don't care what you do. You just got to get it together.
Get your s**t together.
Hi. Hi, baby.
Uh, hi.
Good morning.
Wait, for real?
You're how Beth sees me?
Oh, my God. Turn around.
I said turn around!
How can Beth have these thoughts about me? A judge-metal monster, b**ch!
I'm not taking this. I want to know where my wife is. You are going to help me.
No! Nobody's doing that!
Stay!
What do you want?
Jerry's.
You want Jerry? I don't even want Jerry!
I want Jerry's!
An army.
An army of Jerry.
The value of his subservience is wasted on you.
I will use it to dominate the universe.
Boy, Jerry must think I'm pretty stupid for you to be this stupid.
It makes more sense to put my dumb ass husband in this chair so you can make an army of your badass self.
There could never be more than one of me. I'm the strongest, smartest being alive,
because Jerry thinks you're that much stronger and smarter than you are.
Okay, out.
Oh, hey, hey, hey!
Morty, Jessica, what's up? Check out the new dance I made up.
It's called, Ooh, Let Me Out!
Let me out! Let me out!
This is not a dance!
I'm begging for help! I'm stripping for help!
Please come let me out!
Let me out! Let me out!
This is not a dance!
I'm begging for help! I'm stripping for help!
Please come let me out!
I'm dying in a vet in the garage!
Awesome!
That last part was really weird. Maybe Summer's onto something here.
No, no, no. It was fun. You want to slow dance?
Tiny Rick, hey, great dancing as usual.
Moment of your time.
Tiny Rick, this conversation is going to break my heart wide open.
You're a great student, the fact that you're an 80-year-old man in a clone body, it never bothered me.
But this here is another matter. You recognize this?
We had a tip that was in your locker.
Yeah, now because the gym coach was a vampire, the school board is embarrassed and won't take it public.
However, they can't have students killing teachers.
I got expelled for this one, T.R. I'm sorry.
I just got expelled, Summer.
Oh, so I guess there's no need to stay young?
Right top!
Screw your top! You rat it on me! I'm Tiny Rick!
Fine, yes! Because I love you!
And I'm trying to save your life!
High school is my life!
Summer Smith is a f*****g psycho nerd and she just got me kicked out of school!
Summer, I thought you were cool!
I'm sorry, okay?
Oh my God, Morty. Your sister crossed Tiny Rick.
Talk about self-destructive.
Yeah.
Hey, Jerry Lover! How about a taste of the real thing?
Not on my watch.
That's it.
It's me, your husband. I'm here to save you.
Or my name isn't Jerry Smith!
Aha! Yes, Jerry Smith!
Okay, fair enough.
Say goodnight, old man.
What the hell are you doing?
Put it down!
Summer, you bitch!
Don't talk to her that way! She's your granddaughter!
I don't need a granddaughter! I'm Tiny Rick!
She's my sister! And if Tiny Rick is going to be an asshole to my sister, then you know, you may as well be old again!
You think you're tough, huh, Morty?
What are you going to do? I'm Tiny Rick!
I'm the coolest kid in your school!
How are you going to just make me do whatever you say, huh?
I'm going to do what real Rick would do if he was here.
I'm going to kick your ass!
Rick, I know you're in there!
I know you're trying to get out!
That's it! Morty, hold it down!
Listen to it, Tiny Rick. Listen to Elliott Smith.
No!
Feel what he's feeling.
No! God!
Oh, God. What is life?
How can someone so talented die so young?
What is being young? I'm not young, I'm old.
I'm going to die. My body isn't real.
Morty, Summer, it's me. It's Rick. Regular Rick.
Rick, how do we get you back into your body?
Okay, listen carefully. There's a set of diodes on the VATS control panel.
A blue one and a red one.
Oh, God, what kind of world is this?
I didn't ask to be born. I need you to connect the blue one to my left temple.
And the red one to white isn't anyone really like me.
Focus, Grandpa!
Just put the stupid wires on my head. I hate being a teenager.
Jerry, you can't bend metal.
Then make a knee that can.
How can I do that while I'm watching you totally fail to bend metal?
Good old Beth, the mind of a robot and the heart of an insect.
Don't talk that way about her.
What?
Oh, God.
Stop!
This representation displeases me.
God, Lord, how did you...
Well, I had a feeling that in your mind the ideal version of me is one smart enough to see you as... a goddess.
Not such a stupid worm now, are you?
Honey, when it comes to the subject of your ego, I'm Stephen F*** Hawkinson.
Ugh, it's... never mind. I love you.
Rance!
Holy shit. Thanks, kids. You figured it out.
Well, Summer did.
Kind of weird that you were that willing to sell my existence out for some trim, Morty.
Rance!
But listen, I forgive you both because you know what?
I learned today something important.
The teenage mind is its own world.
I'm not a child.
I'm a child.
It's nothing, Rance.
Those kids were born with no parents and they have no gender.
They're not at home.
They'll have no life, baby.
Then there's Anau's.
Using me for falsehoods, this such a disgusting horar.
Those kids shut up.
I hold it in.
And they're nearly dead.
This is funny.
Go on.
Run fast.
Run.
This isn't funny.
Scaring their parents out of here is not.
This is stupid.
Come on, come on.
Come on.
Run.
We want to see who you are in stock-賣.
Make up your shirt.
I don't have the slang word.
Wait, wait, one more time.
interest! So what do you think? You want to keep this marriage going a while longer?
At least until Morty has graduated high school.
Oh, hmm.
Aha! You see? What did I tell you to? It worked!
You know what Rick? I guess in a way maybe...
Already lost interest. Get in the car. I've been inside a kid all day and now I can feel
my bones scraping each other. Just so you're prepared, there's a bunch of dead
me's in the garage. Sounds like our stories were connected by a theme.
Not really, Jerry. Probably a cosmetic connection. Your mind mistakes for thematic.
Oh. Old Rick ruining everything!
Master, speak. Coach Faratou's presence was discovered by the humans. He has been destroyed.
The mortal Shelson.
I'm sorry, what did you say his name was? Coach Faratou.
Coach Faratou? That was his real name. Like his actual vampire name?
No, no, no. His vampire name was Balak Alastain.
What the f*** would he name himself after a famous vampire movie? Was he doing a bit?
I do not know your unholiness.
Jesus f*** Christ! From now on, no more of this clever name bullshit.
When a vampire is pretending to be a human, they can just call themselves Alan Jefferson or something like that.
It's crazy, right? I mean, am I being an asshole? Okay? I feel like everybody in the room is looking at me
like I'm the buzzkill. I'm not? Good, okay, great.
Alastain!
Did you get any of that? It's a good show!